TreeMap: update the 'Colorization' demo description (#1950)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/Colorization/description.md

> This demo shows techniques that you can use to colorize TreeMap tiles. To see each technique in action, use a drop-down editor below the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows options that you can use to colorize TreeMap tiles. To see each option, use the drop-down editor below the component.
```

To colorize the TreeMap tiles, you can use the [colorizer](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/) object. This object allows you to specify the colorization [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#type):

- *"discrete"* (default)    

> This colorization algorithm paints each tile within a group in a color taken from the [palette](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#palette). When there are multiple groups, colorization begins from scratch in each group. Alternatively, you can force the UI component to continue colorization across groups. For this purpose, set the [colorizeGroups](//Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#colorizeGroups) property to `true`. It colorizes not each tile, but each group of tiles in a single color taken from the palette. This demo shows these two techniques in **Discrete** and **Grouped** modes.

Reviewer: 1. `When there are multiple groups, colorization begins from scratch in each group.`

What do you mean by "from scratch" in this context? Or do you mean:

"When there are multiple groups, colorization is applied to each group."

If not, please clarify.

2. `It colorizes not each tile, but each group of tiles in a single color taken from the palette.`

How is this different from the sentence in question 1 (above)? Please clarify.

Author: I'll try to explain it to you and maybe you will come up with some ideas on how to make it more comprehensible:
 1) discrete mode **without** colorizeGroups applied
If there are mutiple groups, each group begins colorization for itself. It's like there is no continuity between the groups, they are not dependent on each other.
Imagine you have a palette of 4 colors: red, blue, green and yellow. And you have 3 groups, first has 3 items, second one has 2 items, third one has 2 items too. In this mode the colorization in this groups will look like that:
{ red item, blue item, green item }, { red item, blue item }, { red item, blue item }
That means that each group takes a palette and starts colorization once again, not looking at other groups.
2) discrete mode **with** colorizeGroups applied
That's a simpler one: each group takes a color from the palette and all the items in this group are colorized with this color.
Let's look at our previous example, 4 colors, 3 groups. The colorization would look like that:
{ red item, red item, red item }, { blue item, blue item }, { green item, green item }

Reviewer: Based on your explanation, I came up with the following. Let me know if it's technically correct.

- *"discrete"* (default)`  
`This colorization algorithm paints each tile within a group in a color from the [palette](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#palette). When there are multiple groups, the way in which groups are colorized depends on the colorizeGroups property setting:

If colorizeGroups is set to `false`:
Each group is painted independently - regardless of the colors used in other groups.

If colorizeGroups is set to `true`:
Each group is painted with a different color from the palette.

Additionally, I noticed that in the demo, the Colorization Type can also be set to "Grouped".
Is this different from setting the colorizeGroups property to true/false as in your explanation above?
The reason I mention this is that since "Grouped" is an option type, as a reader I would expect to see a separate list item for *grouped* (similar to *discrete*, *gradient*, and *range*). Let me know what you think.

Author: Oh, I now understood what is so confusing about this demo. The thing is - **Grouped** "mode" in the demo is actually just a discrete mode with colorizeGroups set to `true`. This is a very old demo, and I can ask developers to change the naming, but I don't think it would be their top priority, so we gotta work with what we have. I think it's best to add something like this:

> If colorizeGroups is set to false (**Discrete** mode in the demo):
> Each group is painted independently - regardless of the colors used in other groups.

> If colorizeGroups is set to true (**Grouped** mode in the demo):
> Each group is painted with a different color from the palette.

What do you think?

Reviewer: > If colorizeGroups is set to false (**Discrete** mode in the demo):
> Each group is painted independently - regardless of the colors used in other groups.

> If colorizeGroups is set to true (**Grouped** mode in the demo):
> Each group is painted with a different color from the palette.

Your suggestions sound fine.
Can you incorporate these into line 6 so I can see how the final text will look for this line?

Author: I updated the description.

Reviewer: Looks good. Thank you!

- *"gradient"*    

> If you choose this algorithm, the palette should contain only two colors that the component uses to colorize the smallest and the largest tile respectively. The other tiles will have a tint of either the first or the second color depending on their size. In order to use the *"gradient"* algorithm, you need to set the [range](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#range) property to an array of strictly two values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose this algorithm, the palette should contain only two colors that the component uses to colorize the smallest and the largest tile, respectively. The other tiles will have a tint of either the first or the second color depending on their size. In order to use the *"gradient"* algorithm, you need to set the [range](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#range) property to an array of only two values.
```

- *"range"*    

> This algorithm is similar to *"gradient"*, but the array assigned to the [range](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#range) property should contain more than two values. This array specifies the ranges between each value. The palette of two colors will generate multiple tints - one for each range.

Reviewer: 1. ...`should contain more than two values.`

For my understanding, how many values does this property normally contain?

2. `The palette of two colors will generate multiple tints - one for each range.`

Just for my understanding, if the property contains more than two colors (values), then why does this sentence mention a "palette of two colors"?

Author: 1. It depends on the number of items, if you have like 3 of them in each group, than you don't need more than 3 ranges. If you have more, go for more.
2. I'm talking about range in the previous sentence, not a palette of colors. I wrote the last sentence because of two reasons: 1) show a parallel between the gradient mode and the range mode 2) the demo shows a palette of two colors in this mode

Reviewer: Okay, thank you for the clarification.

> If you use the *"gradient"* or *"range"* colorization algorithm, the color of a tile depends on a value. Normally, the [value field](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/#valueField) supplies this value to the component. However, you can use the [colorCodeField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#colorCodeField) property to assign another field to supply the value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the *"gradient"* or *"range"* colorization algorithm, the color of the tile depends on the value. Normally, the [value field](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/#valueField) supplies this value to the component. However, you can use the [colorCodeField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeMap/Configuration/colorizer/#colorCodeField) property to assign another field to supply the value.
```
